IfcController Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:19:21.9606588Z (#176)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/h/HasWindCollection_1NbgJQZBv91wp1sKWotMbx/Documentation.md

> Indicate whether the on-site control unit collects wind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the on-site control unit collects information on wind.
```
